c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\gamefont.xnb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\menufont.xnb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\background.xnb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\blank.xnb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\gradient.xnb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\MicroMercs.dll
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\MicroMercs.pdb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\MicroMercs.dll
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\MicroMercs.pdb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml.g
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Debug\GameThumbnail.png
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\MicroMercs.xap
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Maps\TestMap.xnb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\TileSets\Tiles.xnb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\TiledLib.dll
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\TiledLib.pdb
c:\users\gareth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\MicroMercs\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Maps\Tiles.xnb
